Head paragraph for intro (#73)
pavpanchekha/emberfox: book/intro.md

prev: preface
...

> Why study web browsers? Why read this book? The way I think about it, browsers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Why study web browsers? Why read this book? The way I see it, browsers
```

to modern computing, and even to the economy broadly---so it's worth knowing how
they work. And in fact, cool algorithms, tricky data structures, and fundamental

> concepts come alive inside a web browser. This book walk you through building a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
concepts come alive inside a web browser. This book walks you through building a
```

This book walk you through building a browser, from scratch. I hope it'll help

> you fall in love with web browsers, just like I did.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you love browsers and the web just as much as I do.
```

and history of the web wrapped up in one codebase. But most of all, it's
fun and endlessly interesting.

So that's how I fell in love with web browsers. Now let me tell you why you
will, too.

The web in history
==================

> The web is a grand, crazy experiment. It seems natural, nowadays, browse the web

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web is a grand, crazy experiment. It seems natural, nowadays, to browse the web
```

and history of the web wrapped up in one codebase. But most of all, it's
fun and endlessly interesting.

> So that's how I fell in love with web browsers---and I hope that after reading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So that's how I fell in love with web browsers---now let's start your journey towards loving them too. :)
```

Reviewer: This suggestion helps to better to connect to "we're not done, let's continue the chapter!"

> this book, you will too. XXX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

end up implemented inside browsers. Browser engineers must therefore fix and
improve rather than abandon and replace.

What's amazing is that, despite the scale and the pace and the complexity, there

> is still room to contribute. Every browser today is open-source, which shares

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is still plenty of room to contribute. Every browser today is open-source, which shares
```

the burden of maintenance and feature development across the whole community of
web developers. Browsers evolve like giant R&D projects, where new ideas are
constantly being proposed and tested out. As you would expect, some features
fail and some succeed. The ones that succeed end up in specifications and are
implemented by other browsers. That means that every web browser is open to

> contributions---whether fixing bugs or proposing new features or implement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributions---whether fixing bugs or proposing new features or implementing
```

> promising techniques.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
promising optimizations.
```
